JAY?
HAVE YOU SEEN THE GRAPES?
YEAH, I ATE THEM.
WHY WOULD YOU
EAT THE GRAPES?
THEY WERE IN A BOWL,
THEY WERE WASHED,
I PAID FOR THEM.
THEY WERE
FOR THE NEW YEAR'S.
OH, RIGHT.
WHAT'S THAT GOOFY THING AGAIN?
IT'S NOT GOOFY.
IT'S A TRADITION.
AT MIDNIGHT,
YOU EAT 12 GRAPES,
YOU MAKE 12 WISHES,
1 FOR EACH MONTH OF THE YEAR.
AND YOU REALLY THINK
THAT WORKS?
FIVE YEARS AGO,
I WAS A SINGLE MOTHER
LIVING IN A SLUM.
TODAY, I'M DRIVING
TO PALM SPRINGS
IN MY NEW CAR
WITH MY RICH HUSBAND.
YOU DO WHAT YOU WANT.
I'M EATING THE GRAPES.
FOR NEW YEAR'S EVE,
WE'RE TAKING PHIL AND CLAIRE
AND MITCH AND CAM
TO THIS AMAZING HOTEL
I USED TO GO TO
IN PALM SPRINGS.
THEY GOT A WHOLE PACKAGE--
DINNER, DANCING,
TOAST AT MIDNIGHT.
I MEAN, WHAT MORE
DO YOU NEED?
GRAPES.
(lowered voice)
I SAID WE'D STOP ON THE WAY.
HALEY, IT'S NEW YEAR'S EVE.
ARE YOU SURE YOU DON'T WANT TO
GO TO A PARTY OR SOMETHING?
AND LISTEN TO ALL MY FRIENDS
TALK ABOUT
HOW AWESOME COLLEGE IS?
I KNOW HOW AWESOME COLLEGE IS.
THAT'S WHAT GOT ME KICKED OUT.
WELL, I'M SURE
UNCLE MITCHELL WILL FEEL
MUCH BETTER LEAVING LILY HERE
KNOWING THAT YOU'RE IN CHARGE.
AW.
(Claire and Phil chuckle)
(lowered voice) YOU KNOW
YOU'RE REALLY IN CHARGE, RIGHT?
HOW DO YOU KNOW
I DON'T HAVE A PARTY?
OKAY, FINE.
LILY, ARE YOU READY FOR YOUR
BIG SLEEPOVER WITH YOUR COUSINS?
WHO'S WATCHING ME?
HALEY.
I'M SERIOUS.
ALEX.
OKAY, LET'S GO.
EVERY NEW YEAR'S EVE,
IT'S LIKE,
"WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?"
SO WE WERE HAPPY THAT JAY
PLANNED THIS WHOLE THING.
IT REALLY, YOU KNOW,
TAKES THE PRESSURE OFF
OF HAVING
TO OUTDO OURSELVES.
YEAH, AND HOW ARE WE GONNA
POSSIBLY TOP LAST YEAR?
(horn toots)
AAH!
OH.
DID WE MISS IT?
MM?
IT'S ONLY 10:00.
WHAT?
♪
HUH.
(Jay) PLACE IS SMALLER
THAN I REMEMBER.
(Claire)
SMALLER'S YOUR ISSUE?
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
THAT YOU WERE HERE, JAY?
NOT THAT LONG AGO.
1974, '75.
SO WHEN I WAS 2?
I DON'T LIKE
WHEN YOU DO THAT.
I CHECKED THE WEB SITE.
THE PICTURES LOOKED BEAUTIFUL.
OH! LIZARD.
OH!
NEVER TRUST PICTURES
ON THE INTERNET.
SHOOT IT FROM THE RIGHT ANGLE,
YOU CAN MAKE ANYTHING
LOOK BIGGER AND BETTER.
(Cameron and Mitchell purr)
HOUSES, YOU PERVS.
HE'S A REALTOR.
I THOUGHT I HEARD VOICES.
ROBBY! I TOLD YOU!
IT'S PEOPLE.
OH, MY GOD. (singsongy)
THAT'S ME IN 20 YEARS!
OKAY, YOU BE HER,
AND I'LL BE WHOEVER LEFT HER.
UH, WE'RE CHECKING IN.
IT'S UNDER PRITCHETT.
JAY PRITCHETT.
THREE ROOMS.
OH.
YOU'VE BEEN
WITH US BEFORE.
HOW OLD IS THAT BOOK?
OH, THERE IS SOMETHING
STICKY OVER HERE. (squeaking)
ROBBY!
IT CAME BACK.
IT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
OKAY, SO THE PLACE
IS NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE.
BUT WE'RE GONNA HAVE FUN.
DINING IN THE STARLIGHT ROOM,
LITTLE DANCING
WITH THE SHELLEY STROMAN TRIO.
OH, THERE'S JUST TWO LEFT.
HERE ARE YOUR KEYS.
CHECK OUT'S AT 11:00,
BUT IF YOU WANT TO STAY LONGER--
NO, 11:00 IS GOOD.
(clears throat) YEAH.
HERE WE GO.
OH. (sighs)
IS THERE ANYTHING WRONG?
NO, NO. WE WERE JUST HOPING
FOR SOMETHING
A LITTLE MORE ROMANTIC.
COME ON, NOW.
IT'S NOT THAT BAD.
WHAT'S IN THERE?
NOTHING.
IF YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR ROMANCE,
THERE'S A SECLUDED
HOT SPRING NEARBY.
KIND OF A HIDDEN GEM.
HUH?
JUST FOLLOW THE PATH
RIGHT BY THE 12th HOLE
OF THE GOLF COURSE.
WOW.
THAT SOUNDS KIND OF NICE.
SECLUDED.
NATURAL.
SEXY.
WHAT DO YOU THINK, PHIL?
DOES IT SMELL LIKE EGGS?
SOME OF THEM SMELL LIKE EGGS.
IT'S BEEN A WHILE
SINCE PHIL AND I...
(laughs)
THE WHOLE MONTH OF DECEMBER?
NOT EVEN A...
♪ MM-HMM ♪
OR A QUICK... (clicks tongue)
YOU KNOW?
IT'S EMBARRASSING,
AND IT'S NOT LIKE US.
THAT'S MAKING ME ANXIOUS,
WHICH IS WHY
I REALLY NEED TO GET...
(whistles)
THANKS AGAIN.
YEAH, THAT'S YOURS TO KEEP.
OKAY.
BYE NOW.
I SAY WE BAG DINNER
WITH MY DAD,
AND GO FIND
THAT HOT SPRING.
HONEY, WE CAN'T
JUST DITCH YOUR FATHER.
HE WANTED US
ALL TO BE TOGETHER.
WE ARE ALWAYS TOGETHER.
OH, MY GOD,
WHAT ARE WE GONNA HEAR
THAT WE'VE NEVER
HEARD BEFORE?
MITCH AND CAM'S
INSPIRING STORY
OF HOW LILY SAVED THAT KID
WITH THE HEIMLICH?
PLEASE. SHE HUGGED HIM,
AND HE SPIT HIS GUM OUT.
I SAY WE GET
A BOTTLE OF CHAMPAGNE,
LOOK UP AT THE STARS,
FORGET OUR BATHING SUITS.
THAT DOES SOUND HOT.
MM-HMM.
BUT I'D JUST BE THINKING
ABOUT YOUR DAD THE WHOLE TIME.
I'M GONNA HOP IN THE SHOWER.
(sighs deeply)
WHAT'S IN THERE?
NOTHING.
OH.
OH, PERFECT.
NO, GREAT.
IF WE NEED ANY SOCKS,
SOMEONE LEFT ONE IN THE BED.
OH, MY GOSH.
THERE IS NO WAY
CRISPIN STAYS HERE
WHEN HE COMES TO THE BEACON.
WHAT'S THE BEACON?
THE CLUB THAT HE'S ALWAYS
RAVING ABOUT.
IT'S RIGHT DOWN THE STREET.
THAT'S WHERE WE SHOULD GO.
SOMEWHERE FUN FOR NEW YEAR'S,
WHILE WE'RE
STILL YOUNG... ISH.
L-LET'S GET OUT OF DINNER
AND GO THERE.
HOW?
I DON'T KNOW.
UM... OKAY, OKAY.
UM, Y--YOU COULD PRETEND
TO GET SICK AT THE TABLE.
YOU KNOW, FAKE A COUGH,
STOMACH ACHE,
DEALER'S CHOICE.
I DON'T CARE.
JUST SELL IT
AND GET US OUT OF THERE.
BUT WHAT ABOUT YOUR DAD?
HE WANTS THE FAMILY
TO BE TOGETHER.
(scoffs)
WE ARE ALWAYS TOGETHER.
I MEAN,
HOW MANY TIMES
DO WE HAVE TO HEAR
CLAIRE TELL US
LUKE'S HILARIOUS COMEBACK
TO THE PEDIATRICIAN?
OH, GOSH. WE SHOULD START
CALLING HER "RANCH HOUSE"...
BECAUSE SHE DOESN'T HAVE
A SECOND STORY.
(gasps)
SO GOOD.
(chuckles) I KNOW! THANK YOU.
HEY. YOU SURE YOU DON'T
WANT TO PLAY "THE HUNGER GAMES"
WITH ALL OF US?
MY WHOLE LIFE IS A HUNGER GAME.
WHY DO YOU THINK
I'M SO MEAN TO YOU?
(doorbell rings)
THAT'S FOR ME!
HEY.
COME ON IN.
HI.
HEY, I'M OUT.
(toy gun clacks)
THIS IS BECCA
AND HER COUSIN JOYCE.
AND JOYCE IS FOR YOU.
(door closes)
WHAT?
I'M ON A DATE?
BUT I'M NOT WEARING
ANY COLOGNE.
DID YOU KNOW
THIS WAS HAPPENING?
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT THIS IS.
JOYCE, THIS IS MANNY.
PLEASURE TO MAKE
YOUR ACQUAINTANCE.
CAN I OFFER YOU A GLASS
OF SPARKLING CIDER?
HE'S NOT
HOW YOU DESCRIBED HIM.
UH, DON'T WORRY.
YOU'LL LOVE HIM.
MANNY, SAY SOMETHING ROMANTIC.
I CAN'T JUST TURN IT ON.
YOU SAY SOMETHING ROMANTIC.
COOL SHIRT.
AW!
CAN I SEE YOUR ROOM?
WELL, I DIDN'T CLEAN IT
FOR ME.
W--
THEY'RE GOING UPSTAIRS ALONE.
IS THAT EVEN ALLOWED?
I DON'T KNOW.
SHOULD WE SAY SOMETHING?
LIKE WHAT?
LIKE, "IT'S NOT OKAY"?
WELL, MAYBE IT IS.
IS IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST FEEL LIKE
WE'RE NOT DOING OUR JOB
AS BABYSITTERS.
OF COURSE WE ARE.
(doorbell rings)
I'M COLD,
AND I SAW A COYOTE.
♪
(Jay) YEAH.
...AND LUKE TURNS TO HIM
AND SAYS,
"DR. BLAUSTEIN, REALLY?
NOT EVEN DINNER FIRST?"
(laughing)
(silverware clatters)
(forced laugh)
HAND TO GOD!
DR. B. TOLD ME HIMSELF!
(Phil continues laughing)
(snoring)
YOU KNOW, I'M SORRY,
BUT I LOVE THIS PLACE.
I KNOW IT'S A LITTLE ROUGH
AROUND THE EDGES,
BUT I'VE ALWAYS
HAD A GOOD TIME HERE,
AND I'M HAVING
A GREAT TIME TONIGHT.
YEAH.
MM-HMM.
HOW'S YOUR CHICKEN KIEV?
(mouth full) IT'S REALLY GOOD.
IT'S VERY GOOD.
TASTY.
YEAH, TASTES LIKE RUSSIA.
(lowered voice) WHAT ARE
YOU WAITING FOR? GET SICK.
(lowered voice) NOT YET.
I'LL KNOW WHEN IT'S TIME.
(continues snoring)
HONEY.
AY.
(lowered voice)
YOU WERE SLEEPING.
I WAS?
AY, I'M SO SORRY, CLAIRE.
IT WASN'T BECAUSE
YOU WERE TELLING AGAIN
THE LUKE AND THE DOCTOR STORY.
IT'S JUST THAT I'VE BEEN
SO TIRED LATELY.
(coughing)
OH. OH, GOSH.
ARE YOU OKAY?
SHE'S BEEN FEELING BAD ALL DAY.
I THINK I MIGHT BE COMING DOWN
WITH A LITTLE SOMETHING.
OH, MAN.
OH, MY GOD.
I KNOW.
I DRANK OUT
OF HER GLASS EARLIER.
NO.
SHE'S STEALING OUR EXCUSE.
WHAT?
(snoring)
HONEY.
WAKE UP, GLORIA!
EASY. IF THAT MAKES A MARK,
I GET THE STINK EYE.
I'M GONNA WALK HER UPSTAIRS.
I THINK YOU NEED
TO LIE DOWN.
OKAY.
JUST A LITTLE DISCO NAP.
WELL, THIS HAS BEEN FUN.
NO, NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO.
KEEP THE PARTY GOING.
I'LL BE BACK AS SOON AS I CAN.
(coughing)
THERE IT IS.
NOW?
NO, I HAVE SOMETHING
STUCK IN MY THROAT.
IT'S TOO BAD LILY'S NOT HERE
TO GIVE YOU THE HEIMLICH.
(laughs) DID WE EVER
TELL YOU GUYS THAT STORY?
(Mitchell)
DO YOU WANT TO TELL IT?
(Cameron) YEAH, LET ME TELL IT.
OKAY.
JAY, YOU SHOULD GO BACK
AND SPEND TIME WITH YOUR FAMILY.
I CAN'T LEAVE YOU ALONE
ON NEW YEAR'S EVE,
EVEN THOUGH EVERYONE'S WAITING
FOR ME TO COME BACK.
AW, THAT'S SO SWEET.
YEAH.
I JUST HOPE I DON'T HOLD UP
THE LIGHTING
OF THE CHERRIES JUBILEE.
(bell dings)
JAY, IF YOU REALLY
WANT TO GO AND--
OKAY.
(keyboard playing
Toto's "Africa")
WHERE'D EVERYBODY GO?
I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS THEY ALL LEFT.
(bubbling)
YOU STILL WANT
THE CHERRIES JUBILEE?
LIGHT 'ER UP.
HEY, IF IT ISN'T
JAY PLUNKETT.
IT ISN'T.
IT'S--IT'S JAY PRITCHETT.
YOU HAVING A GOOD NEW YEAR'S?
EH, KIND OF A BUST.
EVERYBODY BAILED ON ME.
I'M GONNA HIT THE SACK.
HEY, WE JUST HAD A GUY
WHO BAILED ON US.
YOU PLAY HOLD 'EM?
YEAH, BUT I SHOULD
PROBABLY, UH...
(Gloria snoring)
WHAT'S THE BUY-IN?
JAY... (chuckles)
SAY HELLO TO, UH,
MARTY, BUGS...
(Jay) HEY.
HOW YA DOIN', JAY?
MY EX-HUSBAND HUGO...
HEY, HOW YOU DOING?
AND BILLY DEE.
HEY.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
BILLY DEE WILLIAMS?
I'M A HUGE FAN.
WELL, NOW YOU'LL HAVE TO STAY,
SINCE NONE OF THESE GUYS
HAVE SEEN ME
IN ANYTHING SINCE "MAHOGANY."
NEVER EVEN SAW THAT.
ME EITHER.
YOU'RE KIDDING.
BILLY DEE'S AN ALDERMAN
TRYING TO KEEP
DIANA ROSS IN CHICAGO,
RATHER THAN BECOME
AN INTERNATIONAL MODEL
AND DESIGNER.
MY SON MADE ME WATCH IT
WITH HIM.
HE'S GAY.
OH, GOOD. I DIDN'T WANT TO
BE THE ONE TO TELL YOU.
(all laugh)
(dance music playing)
EXCUSE ME! SIR,
EXCUSE ME!
HE'S DOING THIS ON PURPOSE!
HE PROBABLY JUST DOESN'T
NOTICE US.
HOW CAN HE NOT NOTICE US?
WE'RE THE ONLY PEOPLE
IN HERE IN SLEEVES!
HEY THERE.
WHAT CAN I GET FOR YA?
EXCUSE ME, YOUNG MAN.
I WAS HERE FIRST.
YOUNG MAN? WHY DON'T YOU
JUST CALL HIM WHIPPERSNAPPER?
UGH. THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
WE CAN'T EVEN GET A DRINK.
EVERYONE IN HERE'S 11,
AND I'M HOT!
IF WE WERE HOT,
WE'D BE DRINKING RIGHT NOW. HI.
YEAH, AND IF WE'D STAYED PUT,
WE'D BE ENJOYING
CHERRIES JUBILEE RIGHT NOW!
HEY, HEY, HEY.
CAM, COME ON.
IT'S NEW YEAR'S EVE.
WE'RE OUT TOGETHER.
WHERE'S FUN CAM
WHO LIKES TO DANCE?
HERE.
WH--WHERE--WHERE IS HE?
I'M OVER HERE.
OH, THERE HE IS!
COME ON!
OKAY, I'M SORRY.
I WAS JUST FEELING INVISIBLE!
IT'LL GET BETTER!
♪
(smack)
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
THAT IS WET. I'M DONE.
(smack)
OH! GOD! GOD, NO!
OH!
THEY'VE BEEN
IN THERE FOREVER.
DO SOMETHING.
YOU'RE IN CHARGE.
OH, PLEASE. WE BOTH KNOW
I'M JUST A FIGUREHEAD HERE.
(sighs)
YOU REALLY THINK THEY'RE DOING
SOMETHING IN THERE? HE'S 12.
HE'S 14, BUT IT'S TOUCHING
HOW CLOSE YOU ARE.
(sighs) FINE.
(lowered voice)
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
YOU HAVE TO KEEP
YOUR DOOR OPEN.
WHY?
UH, WELL, WHY DO YOU
NEED IT CLOSED?
BECAUSE WE'RE GONNA MAKE OUT.
OH. UM...
WELL, YOU...
YOU CAN'T HAVE
YOUR DOOR CLOSED.
WHY? DO YOU WANT TO WATCH
OR SOMETHING? THAT'S WEIRD.
EW!
EW! OF COURSE
WE DON'T WANT TO WATCH.
PERFECT.
BUT YOU CAN'T--
WHAT ARE YOU D--
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
(ice cubes rattling)
CAN I OFFER YOU
A PIñA DELGADO?
IT'S MY OWN CONCOCTION.
WHAT'S IN IT?
LET'S JUST SAY IT'S COOL,
IT'S SWEET,
AND IT'S NOT AFRAID
TO EMBRACE ITS OWN WHIMSY.
I'M NOT SAYING THAT.
I'M NOT DRINKING IT, EITHER.
SO... YOU MAKING
ANY RESOLUTIONS?
YEAH.
NO MORE BLIND DATES.
YOU'RE MEAN.
YOU KNOW, SHE'S RIGHT, JOYCE.
YOU ARE MEAN.
I'VE BEEN A GRACIOUS HOST
WHILE YOU'VE BEEN RUDE,
SULLEN, AND DULL.
YOU'LL FORGIVE ME IF I CHOOSE
NOT TO START THE NEW YEAR
ON SUCH A NEGATIVE NOTE.
OH, AND IF YOU'RE HUNGRY
FOR BROCCOLI LATER,
YOU'LL FIND
A PIECE IN YOUR TEETH.
(crickets chirping)
WHERE IS THIS STUPID PATH?
WE'VE BEEN WALKING FOREVER.
WE'LL FIND IT.
DID THAT BELLMAN
SEEM A LITTLE OFF TO YOU?
OH, TOTALLY.
MAYBE THERE IS NO HOT SPRING.
MAYBE THIS IS ALL PART
OF AN ELABORATE PLAN TO KILL US.
WHY WOULD YOU
EVEN SAY THAT?
I'M JUST TRYING
TO LIGHTEN THE MOOD.
(sighs deeply)
YOU SEEM SO TENSE.
COME ON. THIS IS AN ADVENTURE.
THIS IS FUN.
I DON'T WANT TO
HAVE AN ADVENTURE.
I DON'T WANT TO HAVE FUN.
I WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU.
WHA--WHAT?
DON'T MAKE ME
SAY IT AGAIN.
NO, I WANT YOU
TO SAY IT AGAIN.
MAYBE THROW MY NAME
IN THERE THIS TIME. (sighs)
CLAIRE, WHAT'S GOING ON?
(sighs) DO YOU KNOW
THAT IT'S BEEN A MONTH?
NO, IT HASN'T.
MM-HMM.
YES, IT HAS.
DAY AFTER THANKSGIVING.
I REMEMBER BECAUSE
I CAME IN UNDER BUDGET
ON ALL
OF MY CHRISTMAS GIFTS,
AND YOU KNOW
HOW THAT GETS ME GOING.
OH, MY GOD.
YEAH.
I MADE THAT JOKE ABOUT
YOUR CLOTHES BEING HALF-OFF.
AND YET WE STILL DID IT,
'CAUSE THAT'S THE KIND OF PEOPLE
WE USED TO BE.
WHAT HAPPENED?
NOTHING HAPPENED.
WE'RE BUSY.
IT WAS THE HOLIDAYS.
DeDe WAS HERE.
YOU KNOW, SHE HAS
A WAY OF...
MNH.
SHUTTING
THAT WHOLE THING DOWN.
BUT IS THIS
WHO WE ARE NOW?
I MEAN, FIRST IT'S A MONTH,
THEN IT'S A YEAR,
THEN WE'RE SLEEPING IN TWIN BEDS
AND YOU'RE CALLING ME "MOTHER."
AND I CAN'T EVEN BEAR IT,
'CAUSE WE'RE JUST LIKE
MY GRANDP--
LET'S GO FIND
THAT HOT SPRING
AND START
THIS NEW YEAR OFF WITH...
(whispers)
SEX IN A HOT SPRING.
MMM.
(loudly)
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
WHERE--WHERE
SHOULD WE TRY NEXT?
AM I YELLING? I'M YELLING.
YES.
YEAH.
MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST
GO GET SOME FROZEN YOGURT
AND CALL IT A NIGHT.
NO, CAM, COME ON.
WE CAN'T HAVE
ANOTHER NEW YEAR'S
WHERE WE DON'T EVEN
MAKE IT TO MIDNIGHT.
I... THIS ENTIRE HOLIDAY
IS JUST A GIANT REMINDER
OF HOW THE CLOCK IS TICKING.
YOU KNOW, EACH PASSING SECOND
IS JUST BRINGING US
THAT MUCH CLOSER TO DEATH.
ALL THIS BECAUSE
I SUGGESTED SOME FRO-YO?
I'M... I'M SICK
OF FEELING OLD.
I-I REALLY NEED THIS.
OKAY.
LET'S GET YOU TO MIDNIGHT.
'KAY. (laughs)
OH, LOOK, HE'S OUR AGE.
WHEREVER HE'S GOING,
I'M SURE HE'LL FIT RIGHT IN.
OKAY.
♪
OKAY, NO JUDGMENT.
PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE LIFESTYLE.
JUST NOT FOR US.
(high-pitched voice) NO!
OKAY, BUT WE ARE
NOT GIVING UP, ALL RIGHT?
WE'RE LIKE GOLDILOCKS.
THE FIRST BAR WAS TOO YOUNG,
THE SECOND WAS...
WHATEVER THAT WAS,
AND THE THIRD
WILL BE JUST RIGHT.
MITCHELL...
THREE BEARS.
I MEAN... RIGHT?
HERE.
THIS ONE.
(piano playing light jazz)
YOU WANTED TO FEEL YOUNG.
AND I DO.
I'M SORRY.
I PUSH PEOPLE AWAY.
I FEEL MYSELF DO IT,
BUT I CAN'T STOP.
IT'S HARD TO LIKE SOMEONE
WHEN YOU DON'T LIKE YOURSELF.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU HAVE
SO MANY GOOD QUALITIES.
YOU'RE ATTRACTIVE,
YOU'RE WITTY, YOU'RE BRIGHT.
I JUST WISH YOU COULD
SEE YOURSELF THROUGH MY EYES.
AW, YOU'RE SUCH A GOOD FRIEND.
FRIEND?
THAT'S WHERE THIS IS HEADED?
WELL... FRIENDSHIPS
LAST LONGER.
NOT THIS ONE.
I'VE GOT ENOUGH FRIENDS.
HAPPY NEW YEAR, JOYCE.
(sighs)
SO WHAT'S THE PLAN, HALEY?
I'M GOING IN. THAT'S OUR
BABY BROTHER UP THERE.
I'M NOT READY FOR ALL OF THIS.
THE GIRLS, THE HORMONES--
IT'S GROSS.
WELL, WE CAN'T JUST BARGE IN.
I'M STILL TRYING TO GET
THE IMAGE OF MOM AND DAD
OUT OF MY... (gasps)
OH, GOD, IT'S BACK.
I'M COMING IN!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
JUST PUTTING AWAY
SOME LAUNDRY.
THAT'S A BRA.
AND A TABLECLOTH.
CAN'T YOU DO THIS LATER?
EXCUSE ME. DOES YOUR MOTHER
KNOW YOU'RE HERE?
YES.
DOES SHE KNOW
OUR PARENTS AREN'T?
YEAH.
BIG PAUSE, NO EYE CONTACT.
I WAS SO MUCH BETTER
AT THIS THAN YOU.
YOU'RE OUT.
NO, SHE'S NOT.
YES, SHE IS.
IT'S LATE, YOU'RE 13...
14.
14, AND UNLESS
NICOLE BITCHIE HERE
WANTS ME TO CALL HER PARENTS
AND TELL THEM SHE LIED...
I BETTER GO.
BYE, LUKE.
WAIT. WHY DOES SHE
HAVE TO GO?
BECAUSE I SAID SO.
YOU'RE NOT THE BOSS.
DON'T TALK BACK
TO YOUR SISTER.
UGH! I HATE YOU!
YOU HATE ME NOW,
BUT SOMEDAY YOU'LL THANK ME!
I THINK I OWE MOM
A HUGE APOLOGY.
IS ANYONE WATCHING ME?
ACES AND EIGHTS.
LADY SINGS THE BLUES.
THREE JACKS.
OH.
SORRY, BILLY DEE,
BUT WHERE DO YOU GO
TO TATTLE ON PRINCE HARRY
WHEN HE'S NAKED IN VEGAS?
STRAIGHT TO THE QUEEN.
(groans, laughter)
WELL, THAT'S IT.
I'M OUT.
ME, TOO.
OH, HELL,
IT'S ALMOST 11:00.
I GOT TO DO MY SET
IN THE STARLIGHT ROOM,
AND I'M MISSING A PASTY.
OH, WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH EVERYBODY? IT'S EARLY YET.
I'M HAVING FUN
FOR THE FIRST TIME
SINCE I GOT HERE.
JAY?
HOW LONG
HAS SHE BEEN THERE?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
GLORIA...
EVERYBODY DITCHED ME,
THESE GUYS INVITED ME
TO PLAY POKER,
AND LOOK WHO
I'M SITTING NEXT TO.
EH...
OH, SHE HAS NO IDEA.
HELLO, I'M BILLY DEE WILLIAMS.
HELLO.
I'M GLORIA DEE WIFE.
JAY, IT'S ALMOST MIDNIGHT,
AND WE FORGOT TO BUY MY GRAPES.
DID YOU TRY ROOM SERVICE?
THEY PROBABLY HAVE GRAPES.
OH, NOTHING FRESH.
BUT YOU CAN ALWAYS FISH SOME OUT
OF A CAN OF FRUIT COCKTAIL.
JAY, YOU KNOW THAT I NEED
REAL GRAPES FOR MY WISHES.
IT'S A COLOMBIAN TRADITION.
IT'S ONLY MODERATELY INSANE.
WELL, I HAVE GRAPES
AT MY HOUSE.
NO, I DON'T WANT YOU
TO BLOW NEW YEAR'S.
OH, PLEASE. EVERY NIGHT
IS NEW YEAR'S FOR BILLY DEE.
I LIKE YOU, BILLY DEE.
(laughs)
SO AT MIDNIGHT, YOU EAT THEM
AND THEN YOU MAKE YOUR WISHES.
WELL, THAT SOUNDS
VAGUELY FAMILIAR.
I MIGHT HAVE HEARD ABOUT THAT
WHEN I DID THAT "LOVE BOAT"
WITH CHARO.
YOU KNOW CHARO?
HE'S OBSESSED WITH CHARO.
(laughs) NO KIDDING.
(gasps) OH, MY GOD.
A CLASSIC ROLLS CORNICHE.
I HAVE BEEN IN LOVE
WITH THIS CAR MY WHOLE LIFE.
IN MY VILLAGE, IF YOU DIDN'T
DRIVE ONE OF THESE,
YOU COULDN'T CALL YOURSELF
A DRUG LORD. (gasps)
WOULD YOU LIKE TO DRIVE IT?
DOES THE BEAR SIT
IN THE WOODS?
CLASSIC CHARO.
(laughs)
(water sloshes)
MMM? SO...
WAS IT WORTH MY MELTDOWN?
IT ALWAYS IS.
(both laugh)
MM.
JUST YOU AND ME,
UNDER THE DESERT SKY.
I'M LAWRENCE OF ARABIA,
YOU'RE MRS...
OF ARABIA.
(laughs)
(man) HEY THERE!
OH, MY GOD.
SWEET.
YOU'RE THE FIRST ONES HERE.
WELCOME.
UH, WELCOME TO WHAT?
TO NUDE YEAR'S EVE.
YOU SAW THE FLYER?
NO.
(Claire) NO.
I TOLD THEM.
ROBBY.
SO I--WHOA.
NUDE YEAR'S EVE?
YOU SAID NUDE YEAR'S EVE.
IT'S CLEVER.
YEAH. WE'RE THE PALM SPRINGS
NUDIST ASSOCIATION.
IT'S HOW WE CELEBRATE
THE NEW YEAR.
I CAN SEE.
FRESH. LIKE NEWBORNS.
NAKED.
YEAH. I GOT THAT.
YEAH.
(lowered voice) OH, MY GOD.
WE HAVE TO GET OUT OF HERE.
(lowered voice) OUR CLOTHES
ARE TRAPPED UNDER THAT PILE.
YOU REALLY
WANT TO STAND THERE NAKED
SIFTING THROUGH
ALL THOSE DRAWSTRING PANTS?
(Phil) OH, OKAY. SCOOTING OVER.
(Claire) JUST.. JUST SCOOTCH IN.
OKAY.
SCOOTIN'.
OH.
OH!
AH.
HEY.
PHIL, SOMETHING
JUST TOUCHED ME,
AND IT'S NOT FROM YOUR SIDE.
OH!
WHO WANTS CHAMPAGNE?
OH, I'LL HAVE SOME.
OKAY. OH, MY GOSH.
OKAY.
OH, SORRY.
PARDON THE REACH.
WOW.
THANK YOU.
(whispering) WE GOT TO
MAKE A RUN FOR IT.
(lowered voice) WELL,
NOW IT'S JUST GONNA SEEM RUDE.
PHIL.
I LOVE THIS CAR SO MUCH!
WHERE YOU GONNA TAKE US NEXT,
BILLY DEE?
A SURPRISE
THAT'S GONNA BLOW YOUR MIND.
AND JUST CALL ME BILLY.
NOT DOIN' IT.
(laughs)
AND THESE ARE FROM THE GENTLEMEN
AT THAT TABLE OVER THERE.
OH, FREE DRINKS.
MORE FREE DRINKS.
THANK YOU.
THANK--THEY CAN'T HEAR ME.
(loudly) THANK YOU!
THIS IS WHAT MODELS
MUST FEEL LIKE. (chuckles)
EXCUSE ME, BUT HAS ANYONE
EVER TOLD YOU
YOU LOOK LIKE
A YOUNG VAN JOHNSON?
OH, NO. THAT--
THAT'S SO SWEET, THOUGH.
THANK YOU.
MM. FREE PASS?
PULL UP VAN JOHNSON
ON YOUR PHONE.
I NEED TO KNOW
HOW I FEEL ABOUT THAT.
HE WAS GORGEOUS.
YOU'RE FINE.
THIS IS NICE, HUH?
COMPLIMENTS, FREE DRINKS.
WHAT COULD BE BETTER?
ALL RIGHT, GENTLEMEN!
ALMOST MIDNIGHT!
PUCKER UP!
(Haley) NEW YEAR'S IS SO WEIRD,
THE WAY IT MAKES YOU
THINK ABOUT TIME.
(men) TEN... NINE... EIGHT...
CAM.
MM?
I THINK THAT'S WHY PEOPLE
PUT SO MUCH PRESSURE
ON THEMSELVES TO HAVE FUN.
(nudists)
SEVEN... SIX... FIVE...
I MEAN,
I GUESS I SORTA GET IT.
(all) FOUR... THREE...
TWO... ONE!
(all laugh)
QUICK, QUICK!
MAKE YOUR WISHES!
LIKE RIGHT NOW I WISH
I COULD JUST SLOW DOWN TIME,
'CAUSE I AM SO NOT READY
FOR HIM TO GROW UP YET.
(chuckles) I KNOW.
I WANT HIM TO STAY
OUR STUPID LITTLE BROTHER.
(watch beeps)
HEY, HAPPY NEW YEAR.
YOU TOO.
(clink)
OH, MY GOD,
WHAT IS IN THIS?
OH. SORRY.
THAT ONE'S MINE.
OH.
(men laughing)
AND I SWEAR TO YOU,
I WAS SO NERVOUS,
I THINK I MIGHT HAVE PUT ON
SOMEBODY ELSE'S UNDERWEAR.
EW!
(laughs)
I LOVE THIS STORY.
ALMOST AS GOOD AS YOURS,
VAN JOHNSON.
OH, MY GOD! (laughs)
OH, LOOK. HERE COMES JAY.
I FEEL BAD
HE MISSED ALL THIS FUN.
(Claire) OH! HI!
HI, DAD.
LOOK, THEY'RE BACK.
MY DEVOTED FAMILY.
EVERYONE, THIS IS OUR DEAR
FRIEND, BILLY DEE WILLIAMS.
HEY, HEY.
(lowered voice)
OH, MY GOD, IT'S LANDO.
(clears throat) EXCUSE ME,
MR. WILLIAMS,
I JUST HAVE TO TELL YOU,
I'VE LOVED YOU
SINCE I WAS A LITTLE BOY.
(laughs) I'M SO STARSTRUCK
RIGHT NOW.
WELL,
YOU MUST BE MITCHELL.
JAY TOLD ME
ALL ABOUT YOU.